[docs] Add a11y section to Tabs (#20965)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/tabs/tabs.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/tabs/IconLabelTabs.js", "bg": true}}

## Accessibility

(WAI-ARIA: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#tabpanel)

> This section lists necessary steps to provide necessary information for assistive technology:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps are needed in order to provide necessary information for assistive technologies:
```
cc @joshwooding

Author: So much better. I'm trying to avoid "this"/"that" more and more but this is not that easy :smile:

> 1. label `Tabs` via `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Label `Tabs` via `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby`.
```

2. `Tab`s need to be connected to their

> corresponding `[role="tabpanel"]` by setting the correct `id`, `aria-controls` and `aria-labelledby`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding `[role="tabpanel"]` by setting the correct `id`, `aria-controls` and `aria-labelledby`.
```

An example for the current implementation can be found in the demos on this page. We've also published an experimental API in `@material-ui/lab` that does not require
extra work.

### Keyboard navigation

> The components implement keyboard navigation using the "manual activation" behavior. If you want to switch to the
> "selection automatically follows focus" behavior you have pass `selectionFollowsFocus` to the `Tabs` component. The WAI-ARIA authoring practices have a detailed guide on [how to decide then to make selection automatically follow focus](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#kbd_selection_follows_focus).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The components implement keyboard navigation using the "manual activation" behavior. If you want to switch to the
"selection automatically follows focus" behavior you can use the `selectionFollowsFocus` prop. The WAI-ARIA authoring practices have a detailed guide on [how to decide then to make selection automatically follow focus](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#kbd_selection_follows_focus).
```

> "selection automatically follows focus" behavior you have pass `selectionFollowsFocus` to the `Tabs` component. The WAI-ARIA authoring practices have a detailed guide on [how to decide then to make selection automatically follow focus](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#kbd_selection_follows_focus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"selection automatically follows focus" behavior you have pass `selectionFollowsFocus` to the `Tabs` component. The WAI-ARIA authoring practices have a detailed guide on [how to decide when to make selection automatically follow focus](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#kbd_selection_follows_focus).
```

To which the answer seems to be "always", since there should be no reason why an asynchronous network request for tabpanel content should block tab navigation.

I recall a comment that the default for v5 is up for discussion, and that current behaviour is retained to avoid a breaking change,  but I think the wording in this section should more strongly advocate the use of this prop.

Author: Right now I would agree with this. However, it's likely that this could be harmful for certain UIs. I think promise cancellation isn't a thing right now. Automatic activation could kick of a bunch of network requests that each have the same priority. You'd switch 5 tabs and now the first 4 tabs are starving the fifth request. 

There's also the issue of render-blocking. Keyboard navigation is user-input and therefore any slight lag is noticed immediately. Since concurrent react is not stable yet, switching could introduce a sluggish UI if the corresponding panel takes more than 16ms to render. 

It's a tough decission. I'd say in concurrent react (and if the Offscreen API lands) `selectionFollowsFocus` is better for UX. Everyone else should test this in production first.

We can extend the section a bit more with things to consider (too many requests, render blocking etc).

Reviewer: Good points well made, thanks!

> ### Demo

Reviewer 2: What do you think of having the new demo focusing on `selectionFollowsFocus`? We can observe the manual activation with the other?

```suggestion
### selectionFollowsFocus
```

Author: The demo is part of the tabs accessibility story. It's not solely focused on automatic activation behavior.

Reviewer 2: Right, my concern would be around what the new demo adds relatively to the others.

Reviewer 2: Maybe: if we only had the Tabs (no panels) but with the two versions rendered (removing the need for a toggle).

Author: You're focusing too much on 

```diff
-<Tabs />
+<Tabs selectionFollowsFocus />
```

The more important aspect is trying out different activation behaviors. Demos are not just about the code.

Reviewer 2: Agree, I think that it would be great to show the two tabs, side by side with both behaviors:

```jsx
<Tabs />
<Tabs selectionFollowsFocus />
```

👌

Author: Interesting point. But I'd say seeing the panel switch is somewhat important so that people are more aware of what kind of additional render work `selectionFollowsFocus` adds.

Reviewer 2: Fair. My assumption was that we could display an `active tab` value bellow the two tabs.

{{"demo": "pages/components/tabs/AccessibleTabs.js", "bg": true}}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The components implement keyboard navigation using the "manual activation" behavior. If you want to switch to the
> "selection automatically follows focus" behavior you have pass `selectionFollowsFocus` to the `Tabs` component. The WAI-ARIA authoring practices have a detailed guide on [how to decide then to make selection automatically follow focus](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#kbd_selection_follows_focus).
> 
> ### Demo
> 
> {{"demo": "pages/components/tabs/AccessibleTabs.js", "bg": true}}
> 
> 
> ## Experimental Tabs API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The components implement keyboard navigation using the "manual activation" behavior.
If you want to switch to the "selection automatically follows focus" behavior you have pass `selectionFollowsFocus` to the `Tabs` component.

```jsx
<Tabs selectionFollowsFocus />
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/tabs/AccessibleTabs.js", "bg": true}}

The WAI-ARIA authoring practices have a detailed guide on [how to decide then to make selection automatically follow focus](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#kbd_selection_follows_focus).

## Experimental Tabs API
```

Author: > I wonder if reducing the number of demos with toggle (reducing the numbers of interactions) and headers could help make the docs easier to follow.

I wonder, too. It's not constructive feedback though.
